Master Yen, we're here.
There's a way.
Oh.
Sir, your car hit me.
Are you sure?
Absolutely.
But...
I don't want you to compensate.
Just get me into that club.
Get out of the way, I won't let you in if you don't take me in.
It's a high-class club.
It can still annoy me.
Miss, you are not a member here, you can't come in.
I'm here with the gentleman.
Party less never bring female friends
High society also has this kind of Tang Tang
He doesn't like men, does he?
3 million that the owner of Vice Dinh Xuyen promised to pay.
You see me as a big customer of Vice Dinh Xuyen.
Are you sure you want to blame him?
Miss.
Little Seven today I will show you how to gracefully brutalize male scum female scum
Don't underestimate the enemy.
Hello, what's the name of the piano girl over there?
Hello, her name is Baijining.
Thank you, Bach Jia Ninh is a third-year student.
Poor family
It was in the dark that she met her husband.
She knows how to use her talent to attract men.
Very weak again.
From a young age, Pho Dinh Xuyen had a dream of a heroic man.
It's fitting to eat this set.
So this is the third minor indirect damage to the original owner.
It certainly looks like I feel sorry.
For the owner
This lady will come to play with you.
Vice-major, have a drink.
Why are you here?
Come if you want.
It doesn't make sense for you to do this.
You're just making it worse.
I have also divorced you from this marriage.
Don't worry.
I'm just coming to play.
Don't ever say I'm your wife.
If you are not careful, your child will be jealous.
You.
Little Qi helped me look up this man's information.